Clarify the usage of AI tools for human-to-human communication (#210)
apple/swift-configuration: Sources/Configuration/Documentation.docc/Development/Development.md

Large features and changes go through a lightweight proposals process - to learn more, check out <doc:Proposals>.

> Important: To ensure productive use of contributor and maintainer time and resources, contributors must first agree their proposed change with a maintainer in an issue. Pull requests opened without prior discussion may be closed without review. If there is no issue already tracking the problem or feature request, please file a new one using your own voice (see "AI tools" usage below).

### AI tools

Human discourse is an essential part of open source development. To encourage productive collaboration between contributors and maintainers, please refrain from using AI tools for the following:

- Issues: titles, bodies, and comments.
- Pull requests: titles, descriptions, and comments.

> Contributors who feel more comfortable writing in another language may use automated translation tools, but must include their original content in their preferred language.

Reviewer: > but must include their original content in their preferred language.

I somehow interpret this as "provide content in the original language in addition to the translation for review". What about:

```suggestion
Contributors who feel more comfortable writing in another language may use automated translation tools, but the ideas and wording must be their own and not generated by AI.
```

Author: You understood it correctly - the idea is to be able to detect LLM hallucinations added during translation.

Reviewer: Aaah, ok. This is interesting, I have mixed feelings about it. How to check if their translation was sound, also do the translation part? Who is going to judge the content of that translation? But this is interesting. Twitter has recently started automatically translating tweets in other-than-english languages, which made it easy for people to engage. Maybe indeed, the future is like in Star Trek we just write in our native languages, preserving all the original content, and move burden of translating to the consumers of the content?

Author: That's the intention here, yes. Let's see how it goes and we can adjust if it doesn't work well.
